Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Yuya)
You ready, Gong?
Just do it!
Odd‐Eyes,
attack Steam Train!
Bring it on!
(Nico on PA)
Yuya Sakaki wins
the Junior Arc League
Championship!
Yuya's bidding
the Junior Division goodbye
and advancing to
the upper leagues!
(Declan)
No, he's not.
With more memories
regained,
you should now
remember that I postponed
the original tournament
when Duel Academy
attacked this dimension.
There's still one opponent
remaining
in this tournament.
In fact, this duelist
was one of the Lancers.
You must go to them.
Through this
dimensional portal.
The ARC V Reactor has
created wormholes
to connect our dimension
with the other
three dimensions.
Yuya, go to
the Xyz Dimension.
(Yuya)
It's showtime!
Huh?
I see somebody!
No way!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
What's shakin'
and quakin', Yuya?
Dennis?
What're you doing here?
Why, to duel you,
of course.
Duel me?
But I'm duelin' Shay‐‐
Well, Shay isn't here.
Huh?
Isn't that right,
kids?
(Alan)
Yeah!
Shay took off for
the Fusion Dimension.
He told us that he didn't
want to waste his time
standing around
blabbing and gabbing,
but he, like, almost
said it nice.
Shay's gone off
to try and find Lulu.
Lulu?
Oh, I get it.
Since Zuzu's missing,
it makes sense that Lulu
and the other girls
are missing too.
I bet he could
totally use my help!
Uh‐uh‐uh!
Now, now,
don't be rude, Yuya.
I know our crowd is much
tinier than a stadium,
but... didn't
your father teach you
that a dueltainer must always
entertain his audience?
Well, yeah, but I really
gotta skedaddle, Dennis!
No, you don't.
Honestly, Yuya,
what's more important
than bringing a smile
to the faces of
our adoring fans?
Yeah, I remember them!
Let's see which one of us
is the true dueltainer,
but it might bring
a frowny frown to your face!
(computer voice)
Generating Action Field,
Crossover.
Let's duel!
I'll make the first move!
I'll use Scale 2
Performapal Gongato
and scale 8 Xiangsheng
Magician
to set
the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of this
duel starting now!
I'm allowed to
summon monsters
from Level 3 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of
victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(gasping)
Awesome!
How's that for
an opening act?
Not too shabby, Yuya.
But not as spectacular as
what moi has planned!
Bring the bubbles,
Performage Bubble Gardna!
Gard.
(both chuckling)
(woman)
Kids!
How many times
have I told you,
stay away from dueling?
Dueling is
dangerous, honey.
It's not for you.
But, Mom,
a duel like this
only happens like once in
a bazillion years.
And how can
dueling be bad when
that guy who saved us
plays it?
Sometimes
the kids are the ones
who teach the parents
the lessons.
Anyway, I summon
Performage Filmsy Slimmer!
C'mon, you gotta
let us watch!
Well, um...
(man)
Absolutely not!
And that is final!
They're bad guys!
Now let's go!
Got it?!
(Dennis laughing)
There's only
one bad guy here.
Polymerization!
Yes.
This proves I'm from
the Fusion Dimension.
So, if you don't want to be
turned into a card,
I strongly
suggest you stay put.
Wait, what are
you doing, Dennis?
Just raising
the stakes, Yuya.
And Dennis the Destroyer's
going all in!
I will now use the spell
Polymerization
to fuse Bubble Gardna
and Filmsy Slimmer together!
I Fusion Summon!
Performage
Trapeze Witch!
And I'll equip her
with this.
Ancient Gear Mask!
(laughing)
Here goes!
Trapeze Witch, attack
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(laughing)
Don't you know there's
nowhere to hide, Yuya?!
Trapeze Witch activates
her special ability!
And zaps away
600 attack points
from Odd‐Eyes!
I'm activating my spell‐‐
Oh, no you're not!
While my Trapeze Witch is
wearing her lovely Mask,
you can't activate
spell or trap cards
when she's attacking!
(grunting)
And the Mask releases
her inner fury
to deal you
double the damage
when she destroys
your Dragon!
(grunting)
Looks like
she was the one
who was really swinging
into action!
You are gonna
have to face the facts.
There's only one dueltainer,
and it's me!
(grunting)
Well, with every
life point that you lose,
your dueltaining career
is one step closer
to retirement!
But I...
don't wanna retire!
(Aster)
Aw, come on now.
(Yuya)
Aster?
Hi, Yuya!
You're not
the only one having it rough.
The dimensional wars
may be over,
but the scars of
battle don't heal as easily
and the people here
still find it tough
to trust anyone
from the Fusion Dimension.
But you're helping to
restore this city.
That has to count
for something, right?
(Aster)
Not enough, though.
We can work to rebuild
all the buildings,
fix the schools,
mend everything,
but like I said, how do we
rebuild the trust
that's been broken
forever between our people?
How will these people
smile again
after witnessing so much
hate and destruction?
(gasping)
(Yuya)
I know!
And so does Dennis.
It won't be easy,
but I gotta try!
It's my turn!
I'm gonna Pendulum Summon
once again!
C'mon back,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
And here's Performapal
Miracle Mirrorabbit!
Odd‐Eyes, attack
Trapeze Witch now!
(chuckling)
I just don't understand
why you're making this
so easy for me, Yuya?
Trapeze Witch will sap
Odd‐Eyes's
attack points again!
Not when I have Performapal
Miracle Mirrorabbit out!
It reflects your effect
from Odd‐Eyes to itself!
Since my witch is wearing
the Ancient Gear Mask,
your Odd‐Eyes can't
destroy her in battle!
But due to Odd‐Eyes'
special ability,
you still
take damage.
Twice the damage!
Ha!
Very scary with that
"twice the damage" thing.
But that was only a measly
200 points.
Because that was
only the start!
Really?
Better believe it!
Can I get
a drumroll, please?!
Oops, forgot to bring
the instruments.
Well, here goes!
What the...
Hey!
That's your cue,
buddy!
All right, cool!
My Rabbit's mirror is
one of those special ones.
It lets my Odd‐Eyes attack
for a second time!
In all my years, I've never seen
a duel like this before!
That's because
you're old, Dad!
(laughing)
Now, Odd‐Eyes,
attack Trapeze Witch
for a second time and make
this crowd go loud!
That same ol' trick
again?
Trapeze Witch!
Use your special ability to
lower Odd‐Eyes' attack points!
If the trick works,
why stop using it?
Mirrorabbit absorbs
her special ability
in place of Odd‐Eyes!
Why don't you reflect
on that for awhile?!
(groaning)
That's a few more
life points
down the drain.
And even that mask can't
hide your disappointment.
And, hey, what's with that
silly mask anyway?
I mean, it really
isn't that scary
for such
a big bad destroyer.
Like, I don't see it making
anyone squirm or scream.
You barely look
like a super villain.
Henchman at best.
No offense,
of course.
None‐‐
well, some taken.
Fine, I don't need this!
I'll let my moves
do the talking!
Here I go!
With my Scale 2 Performage
Reversal Dancer
and my Scale 6
Performage Fire Dancer,
I set the Pendulum Scale.
(beeping)
Now I can summon monsters
from Levels 3 through 5
at the same time!
You ready?
I Pendulum Summon!
Performage Bubble Gardna!
And Performage Filmsy Slimmer!
Next, I overlay
Bubble Gardna
and Filmsy Slimmer
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
Now, my dueling ace is gonna
put you in your place!
I Xyz Summon!
Put your hands together
for my aerial wonder‐worker!
Performage Trapeze
Magician!
Here!
A flower shower!
How pretty!
(all gasping)
And now with
the snap of a finger
I'll use one of
Trapeze Magician's
overlay units to activate
its special ability!
Now my Trapeze Magician
can attack twice
in a single turn!
First on its hit list...
is Mirrorabbit!
Oh, Tra‐please,
Dennis!
I activate Evasion
to elude your attack!
Yeah!
Yuya!
You may have dodged
my first attack,
but you will not
elude my second!
Yeah?
Then fire away.
Oh, I will!
Except I'm attacking
your Odd‐Eyes
instead of
your Mirrorabbit!
No way.
Not my Odd‐Eyes.
Their monsters have,
like, equal attack points.
They'll destroy
each other.
Time for a Miracle!
This card stops my monster
from being destroyed!
But I can't say
the same for yours!
(Dennis)
But I wanted my monster
to be destroyed, Yuya!
I activate
Rank‐Up‐Magic Magical Force!
Ha‐ha!
It resurrects the monster
you just destroyed,
but that's
only the beginning!
For you see, Yuya,
I can use my Trapeze Magician
to Xyz Summon a Spellcaster
that's one Rank higher!
No way!
If you thought
Trapeze Magician
was a showstopper,
just wait 'til you meet
his big brother!
Go, Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Here's Performage Trapeze
High Magician!
Whoa!
I wish I had his cape!
Sweet!
And now, by using one of
his Overlay units...
Trapeze High Magician
can attack three times
in a single turn!
Three times?
That's epic!
Yuya is done for.
Negative much?
Don't you ever dare
count my Yuya out!
(boy)
Don't do it!
Ixnay on
the "ighting‐fay."
(boy)
B‐B‐but
she's a baddie.
Tell me something, kid.
Would a baddie save you
front‐row seats to this duel?
Cool!
Yeah!
For his first attack,
Trapeze High Magician's
swinging straight towards
your Odd‐Eyes!
(grunting)
Miracle Mirrorabbit,
you're next!
(yelling)
And for the third
and final attack,
strike Yuya directly!
I still have my
Performapal Gongato
to help save me.
Pound out a beat that
stops all the damage!
That's one
bodacious belly!
It's true you
may have survived,
but you do realize you only
have 100 life points left.
No sweat, pal!
I'll keep
rolling on!
It's my turn!
You're good, but my
routine's even better.
I'm bringing my
monsters back!
I Pendulum Summon!
Odd‐Eyes is raring
for revenge!
Along with my
favorite carrot cruncher,
Mirrorabbit!
And making
a surprise appearance
is my Performapal Sword Fish!
And my Sword Fish has been
sharpening its blades!
Its special ability slices
600 attack points
off your
Trapeze High Magician!
That acrobat's not swinging
so high anymore.
Yuya turned
this duel around.
It sure looks like
you have the advantage,
now, doesn't it?
But that's why you can
never trust your eyes
when dealing with
a magician's tricks.
By using one Overlay Unit,
Trapeze High Magician
can't be destroyed in battle
for up to three times!
And what you can't destroy
will only do you harm!
If you wanna beat me,
then you'll have to
climb up here!
Then send down the elevator
and I'm there!
(all gasping)
There is no elevator.
Why didn't you
build one?
Do I look like
a duel‐chitect?
I'm just sayin'
that's a bad design.
No matter.
I'll still get all
the way to the top
because if Plan "A"
doesn't work,
then I just gotta
create my own Plan "B."
I activate the spell
Challenge Stairs!
I would've preferred
Challenge Escalators,
but, hey, you take
what you can get.
At least now, whenever
I fail to destroy your monster
with an attack, I can
tribute a card
to let my
monster attack again!
And then I activate
another spell,
Hope Stairs!
Now, whenever my
monster battles yours,
it steps up my monster's
strength by giving it
400 extra
attack points!
With this setup,
Yuya's optimal move
is to use Xiangsheng Magician
to summon
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon.
It should be a no‐brainer,
however I feel like
Yuya is holding back.
Uh... hmm.
It's time to
attack!
(gasping)
Odd‐Eyes, come with me!
Odd‐Eyes, blast away
at Trapeze High Magician
with spiral Flame Strike!
But due to his
special ability,
he isn't going to
be destroyed!
That won't save you from
losing life points, though!
(groaning)
And my Hope Stairs
takes effect,
boosting Odd‐Eyes'
attack points by 400!
I activate Reversal Dancer's
Pendulum ability!
Spread the love,
Performage Reversal Dancer!
She gives
Trapeze High Magician
400 attack points too!
Oh, yeah?
Well, I activate
Mirrorabbit's ability!
My fluffy friend lets
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
attack for a second time!
Odd‐Eyes, blast his
Trapeze High Magician again!
(grunting)
And my Odd‐Eyes gains
even more attack points!
With all those
attack points,
it would be a shame
to let 'em go to waste,
so I'm gonna tribute
Xiangsheng Magician
to give Odd‐Eyes a third
chance to attack!
Oh, man!
He just doesn't stop!
All this damage
is adding up, Dennis!
(grunting)
You'd think Odd‐Eyes
would get tired
running up this hill,
but it's only
getting stronger!
So awesome!
Toast his tail!
Go, Yuya!
Your Trapeze High Magician's
ability has run out,
so it can now
be destroyed!
I use Challenge Stairs'
effect to tribute Gongato
so that Odd‐Eyes can attack
for a fourth time!
Fourth time, eh?
But it doesn't
matter!
You don't have enough
damage to eliminate...
all my life points!
Then I'll just play
Miracle.
When did you
pick that up!?
When you weren't
looking.
Obviously.
That card stops a monster
from being destroyed,
but your monster's
already stronger than mine.
It's useless.
It won't help you win.
Yeah?
But who said I was going to
use it on my monster?
I'm using
it on yours!
While you keep
racking up damage,
Odd‐Eyes keeps racking up
attack points!
And since your
monster survived,
I'm allowed to activate
Challenge Stairs'
effect again!
I tribute Sword Fish
to gain a fifth
and final attack!
(gasping)
(all gasping)
It's over!
(screaming)
What a catch!
Amazing!
Best duel ever!
What a show!
Awesome!
(laughing)
(man)
I was wrong, kids.
I thought dueling was
a tool to hurt people,
but...
in the right hands,
it can mend our spirits.
You're right, dear.
Let's make sure
we become the right
hands too, okay?
Yes.
(laughing)
(girl)
Can you teach us
how to duel, please!?
(girl)
I wanna learn
how to do spells!
I've gotta go.
But luckily there's
a great instructor here.
Professor Dennis
will teach you all
about dueltaining!
Isn't that so?
I mean, it'll be
rude to say no.
And after
the show you put on,
I'm sure these kids will
be in good hands.
Me, a teacher?
Okay!
Let's go!
(boy)
Show us more Performages!
I'm so psyched!
(laughing)
(Dennis)
Thanks, Yuya.
And good luck.
I'll make you
and your father proud!